{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22\par
 \par
Placement papers on Java - Set 1\par
04-17-2014 03:37 AM \par
\par
Placement papers on Java - Set 1\par
\par
\par
1. What will happen when you attempt to compile and run this code?\par
\par
public class MyMain\par
\{\par
public static void main(String argv)\par
\{\par
System.out.println("Hello world");\par
\}\par
\}\par
\par
The compiler will complain that main is a reserved word and cannot be used for a class\par
The code will compile and when run will print out "Hello world"\par
The code will compile but will complain at run time that no constructor is defined\par
The code will compile but will complain at run time that main is not correctly defined\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: The code will compile but will complain at run time that main is not correctly defined\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
2. Which of the following are not Java modifiers?\par
\par
public\par
private\par
friendly\par
transient\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: friendly\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
3. Why might you define a method as native?\par
\par
To get to access hardware and language (c/c++) that Java does not know about\par
To define a new data type such as an unsigned integer\par
To write local method which can not be executed remotely\par
To overcome the limitation of the private scope of a method\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: To get to access hardware and language (c/c++) that Java does not know about\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
4. You want to loop through an array and stop when you come to the last element. Being a good java programmer and forgetting everything you ever knew about C/C++ you know that arrays contain information about their size. Which of the following can you use?\par
\par
myarray.length();\par
myarray.length;\par
myarray.size\par
myarray.size();\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: myarray.length;\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
5. How do you indicate where a component will be positioned using Flowlayout?\par
\par
North, South,East,West\par
Assign a row/column grid reference\par
Pass a X/Y percentage parameter to the add method\par
Do nothing, the FlowLayout will position the component\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: Do nothing, the FlowLayout will position the component\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
6. How do you change the current layout manager for a container\par
\par
Use the setLayout method\par
Once created you cannot change the current layout manager of a component\par
Use the setLayoutManager method\par
Use the updateLayout method\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: Use the setLayout method\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
7. Which of the following are not fields of the GridBagConstraints class?\par
\par
ipadx\par
fill\par
insets\par
width\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: width\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
8. Which statements are correct about the anchor field?\par
\par
It is a field of the GridBagLayout manager for controlling component placement\par
It is a field of the GridBagConstraints class for controlling component placement\par
A valid setting for the anchor field is GridBagConstraints.SOUTH\par
The anchor field controls the height of components added to a container\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: It is a field of the GridBagConstraints class for controlling component placement\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
9. Is the following statement true or false? When using the GridBagLayout manager, each new component requires a new instance of the GridBagConstraints class.\par
\par
TRUE\par
FALSE\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: FALSE\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
10. Which most closely matches a description of a Java Map?\par
\par
A vector of arrays for a 2D geographic representation\par
A class for containing unique array elements\par
A class for containing unique vector elements\par
An interface that ensures that implementing classes cannot contain duplicate keys\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: An interface that ensures that implementing classes cannot contain duplicate keys\par
\par
1. How does the set collection deal with duplicate elements?\par
\par
An exception is thrown if you attempt to add an element with a duplicate value\par
The add method returns false if you attempt to add an element with a duplicate value\par
A set may contain elements that return duplicate values from a call to the equals method\par
Duplicate values will cause an error at compile time\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: The add method returns false if you attempt to add an element with a duplicate value\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
2. What can cause a thread to stop executing?\par
\par
The program exits via a call to System.exit(0);\par
Another thread is given a higher priority\par
A call to the thread's stop method\par
All of the above\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: All of the above\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
3. For a class defined inside a method, what rule governs access to the variables of the enclosing method?\par
\par
The class can access any variable\par
The class can only access static variables\par
The class can only access transient variables\par
The class can only access final variables\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: The class can only access final variables\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
4. Under what circumstances might you use the yield method of the Thread class\par
\par
To call from the currently running thread to allow another thread of the same or higher priority to run\par
To call on a waiting thread to allow it to run\par
To allow a thread of higher priority to run\par
To call from the currently running thread with a parameter designating which thread should be allowed to run\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: To call from the currently running thread to allow another thread of the same or higher priority to run\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
5. Which of the following is the correct syntax for suggesting that the JVM performs garbage collection\par
\par
System.free();\par
System.setGarbageCollection();\par
) System.out.gc();\par
System.gc();\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: System.gc();\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
6. Which of the following will compile correctly\par
\par
short myshort = 99S;\par
String name = 'Excellent tutorial Mr Green';\par
char c = 17c;\par
int z = 015; \par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: int z = 015;\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
7. Which of the following are not Java key words\par
\par
double\par
switch\par
then\par
instanceof\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: then\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
8. Which of the following statements are true?\par
\par
At the root of the collection hierarchy is a class called Collection\par
The collection interface contains a method called enumerator\par
The interator method returns an instance of the Vector class\par
The Set interface is designed for unique elements\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: The Set interface is designed for unique elements\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
9. Which of the following statements are correct?\par
\par
If multiple listeners are added to a component only events for the last listener added will be processed\par
If multiple listeners are added to a component the events will be processed for all but with no guarantee in the order\par
Adding multiple listeners to a comnponent will cause a compile time error\par
You can not remove or add listeners to a component.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: If multiple listeners are added to a component the events will be processed for all but with no guarantee in the order\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
10. What will be output by the following line of code? System.out.println(010|4);\par
\par
14\par
0\par
6\par
12\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: 12\par
1. Which of the following are not the methods of the Collection interface?\par
\par
iterator\par
isEmpty\par
toArray\par
setText\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: setText\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
2. Which of the following best describes the use of the synchronized keyword?\par
\par
Allows two process to run in paralell but to communicate with each other\par
Ensures only one thread at a time may access a method or object\par
Ensures that two or more processes will start and end at the same time\par
Ensures that two or more Threads will start and end at the same time\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: Ensures only one thread at a time may access a method or object\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
3. Which of the following methods are members of the Vector class and allow you to input a new element\par
\par
addElement\par
insert\par
append\par
addItem\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: addElement\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
4. Which of the following statements are true\par
\par
An inner class may be defined as static\par
There are NO circumstances where an inner class may be defined as private\par
An inner class may extend another class\par
1 and 3\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: 1 and 3\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
5. Which of the following statements about threading are true\par
\par
You can obtain a mutually exclusive lock on any object\par
A thread can obtain a mutually exclusive lock on an object by calling a synchronized method on that object.\par
Thread scheduling algorithms are platform dependent\par
All of the above\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: All of the above\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
6. Which of the following are not the methods of the Thread class?\par
\par
yield()\par
sleep(long msec)\par
go()\par
stop()\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: go()\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
7. Which of the following will give compile time error?\par
\par
File f = new File("/","autoexec.bat");\par
DataInputStream d = new DataInputStream(System.in);\par
OutputStreamWriter o = new OutputStreamWriter(System.out);\par
RandomAccessFile r = new RandomAccessFile("OutFile");\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: RandomAccessFile r = new RandomAccessFile("OutFile");\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
8. Which of the following is TRUE?\par
\par
In java, an instance field declared public generates a compilation error.\par
int is the name of a class available in the package java.lang\par
Instance variable names may only contain letters and digits.\par
A class has always a constructor (possibly automatically supplied by the java compiler).\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: A class has always a constructor (possibly automatically supplied by the java compiler).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
9. Consider the following code snippet\par
\par
String river = new String(Columbia);\par
System.out.println(river.length());\par
\par
What is printed?\par
\par
6\par
7\par
8\par
Columbia\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: 8\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
10. A constructor\par
\par
must have the same name as the class it is declared within.\par
is used to create objects.\par
may be declared private\par
All of the above\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: All of the above\par
\par
1. Which of the following may be part of a class definition?\par
\par
instance variables\par
instance methods\par
constructors\par
All of the above\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: All of the above\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
2. What is different between a Java applet and a Java application?\par
\par
An application can in general be trusted whereas an applet can't.\par
An applet must be executed in a browser environment.\par
An applet is not able to access the files of the computer it runs on\par
All of the above\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: All of the above\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
3. What is byte code in the context of Java?\par
\par
The type of code generated by a Java compiler\par
The type of code generated by a Java Virtual Machine\par
It is another name for a Java source file\par
It is the code written within the instance methods of a class.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: The type of code generated by a Java compiler\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
4. What is garbage collection in the context of Java?\par
\par
The operating system periodically deletes all of the java files available on the system.\par
Any package imported in a program and not used is automatically deleted.\par
When all references to an object are gone, the memory used by the object is automatically reclaimed.\par
The JVM checks the output of any Java program and deletes anything that doesn't make sense.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: When all references to an object are gone, the memory used by the object is automatically reclaimed.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
5. You read the following statement in a Java program that compiles and executes.\par
\par
submarine.dive(depth);\par
\par
What can you say for sure?\par
\par
depth must be an int\par
dive must be a method.\par
dive must be the name of an instance field.\par
submarine must be the name of a class\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: dive must be a method.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
6. sleep(50); The above statement of a thread implies that the thread will get the processor-time\par
\par
any moment after 50 milliseconds\par
exactly after 50 milliseconds\par
even before 50 milliseconds if the processor is idle\par
none\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: exactly after 50 milliseconds\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
7. If a thread is to be declared as a daemon thread, it must be declared before\par
\par
start method\par
run method\par
stop method\par
none\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: start method\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
8. What is the optput of this code fragment.\par
\par
int X=3; int Y =10;\par
System.out.println(y%x);\par
\par
0\par
1\par
2\par
3\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: 1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
9. A monitor called mon has 5 threads in its waiting pool; all these waiting threads have the same priority. One of the threads is thread1. How can you notify thread1 so that it alone moves from Waiting state to Ready State?\par
\par
Execute notify(thread1); from within synchronized code of mon.\par
Execute mon.notify(thread1); from synchronized code of any object.\par
Execute thread1.notify(); from synchronized code of any object.\par
You cannot specify which thread will get notified.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: You cannot specify which thread will get notified.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
10. TreeMap class is used to implement which collection interface. Select the one correct answer\par
\par
SortedSet\par
List\par
Tree\par
SortedMap\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: SortedMap\par
\par
\par
Placement papers on Java - Set 5\par
04-17-2014 03:38 AM \par
\par
Placement papers on Java - Set 5\par
\par
\par
1. In Java, an abstract class cannot be sub-classed.\par
\par
TRUE\par
FALSE\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: FALSE\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
2. Which of these statements are not legal. Select the correct answers.\par
\par
int arr[][] = new int[5][5];\par
int[]arr[] = new int[5][5];\par
int[] arr = new int[5][];\par
int[] arr = new int[][5];\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: int[] arr = new int[][5];\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
3. What happens when the following code is compiled and run. Select the one correct answer.\par
\par
for(int i = 1; i < 3; i++)\par
for(int j = 3; j >= 1; j--)\par
assert i!=j : i;"\par
\par
The class compiles and runs, but does not print anything.\par
The number 1 gets printed with AssertionError\par
The number 2 gets printed with AssertionError\par
The number 3 gets printed with AssertionError\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: The number 1 gets printed with AssertionError\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
4. Which is true about an anonymous inner class?\par
\par
It can extend exactly one class and implement exactly one interface.\par
It can extend exactly one class and can implement multiple interfaces.\par
It can implement multiple interfaces regardless of whether it also extends a class.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: It can extend exactly one class and can implement multiple interfaces.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
5. Which is true about a method-local inner class?\par
\par
It must be marked final.\par
It can be marked abstract.\par
It can be marked public.\par
It can be marked static.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: It can be marked abstract.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
6. Which statement is true about a static nested class?\par
\par
You must have a reference to an instance of the enclosing class in order to instantiate it.\par
It does not have access to nonstatic members of the enclosing class.\par
It's variables and methods must be static.\par
It must extend the enclosing class.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: It does not have access to nonstatic members of the enclosing class.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
7. Which constructs an anonymous inner class instance?\par
\par
Runnable r = new Runnable() \{ \};\par
Runnable r = new Runnable(public void run() \{ \});\par
Runnable r = new Runnable \{ public void run()\{\}\};\par
System.out.println(new Runnable() \{public void run() \{ \}\});\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: System.out.println(new Runnable() \{public void run() \{ \}\});\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
8. What is the value of "d" after this line of code has been executed?\par
double d = Math.round ( 2.5 + Math.random() );\par
\par
2\par
3\par
4\par
2.5\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: 3\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
9. Which of the following would compile without error?\par
\par
int a = Math.abs(-5);\par
int b = Math.abs(5.0);\par
int c = Math.abs(5.5F);\par
int d = Math.abs(5L);\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: int a = Math.abs(-5);\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
10. What allows the programmer to destroy an object x?\par
\par
x.delete()\par
x.finalize()\par
Runtime.getRuntime().gc()\par
Only the garbage collection system can destroy an object.\par
View Answer / Hide Answer\par
\par
ANSWER: Only the garbage collection system can destroy an object.\par
\par
\par
}
 